Link to Azure CLI docs from the job submission guide (#289)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs: articles/how-to-submit-jobs-with-azure-cli.md

This guide shows you how to submit jobs to Azure Quantum using the command-line interface (CLI).

> You will also find a full reference for all commands and features available through the `az quantum` extension in the corresponding section of the [Azure CLI documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/quantum?view=azure-cli-latest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also find a full reference for all commands and features available through the `az quantum` extension in the corresponding section of the [Azure CLI documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure/quantum?view=azure-cli-latest?azure-portal=true).
```

Author: Thanks! Committed suggestion.
